Ribbons here!
Return your ribbons here!
- That's right, folks.
- There you go.
Thank you, sir.
Right in the box, ma'am.
Ribbons here!
Return your ribbons here!
- Kirk, stop that.
- Can't stop yet, Luke.
- Haven't got them all yet.
- I mean it.
- Put the box away.
- Luke..
...you and Lorelai
have reconciled.
I know, Kirk, I was there.
And since you two
have reconciled
it's only appropriate
that the citizens
of Stars Hollow
take off their pins
and start to heal.
In my case, literally.
I caught about an inch
of chest-flesh
with this sharp little sucker.
- Kirk--
- Lulu, hey!
No, Kirk! I like my ribbon!
It's pink! I like pink!
This is bigger
than your love of pink!
No!
Lulu!
Lulu, get back here!
Wow, did you see that?
(Luke)
'You know, if someone opened
a store in this town'
selling giant butterfly nets
they'd make a fortune.
Come on, the crazy
need love too.
Speaking of which,
welcome back.
- Nice to be here.
- Want some coffee?
Oh, say that again, slower
and with your pants off.
- What's that?
- My pretty, pretty face?
- That's a Weston's coffee cup.
- Is it?
You bring an enemy
coffee cup in here
on the day
of our reconciliation.
At least I didn't
ask you for a favor on this
the day of
our daughter's wedding.
Get that coffee out of here.
This is not coffee.
This is a mocha
chocolate caramel
swirl-a-chino
with extra whip cream.
- That sounds disgusting.
- It is.
And if it was physically
possible to make love
to a hot beverage,
this would be the one.
So apparently
I've got competition.
No, no, no.
It's just a fling.
I'll finally spend
the night with it
but then when I see it
in the morning
with the caramel un-swirled
and the whipped cream
un-whipped, huh! Buh-bye.
Man, that was hard.
She must have stretched first.
♪ If you're out on the road ♪
♪ Feelin' lonely and so cold ♪
♪ All you have to do
is call my name ♪
♪ And I'll be there
on the next train ♪
♪ Where you lead
I will follow ♪
♪ Anywhere that you tell me to ♪
♪ If you need ♪
♪ You need me to be with you ♪
♪ I will follow ♪
♪ Oh oh oh ♪
♪ Where you lead I will follow ♪
♪ Anywhere anywhere
that you tell me to ♪
♪ If you need ♪
♪ You need me to be with you ♪
♪ I will follow
where you lead ♪♪
So, judging from the snores
I'm guessing
you love the theater.
That was not a snore,
that was a groan.
It was not a painful play.
Any play is a painful
play for me.
Well, that's too bad,
because you're gonna miss out
on some wonderful things.
Yeah, like what?
My mom took me to see
"Caroline, or Change"
in New York,
Tony Kushner's musical
and it was the most amazing
thing we ever saw.
Tony Kushner wrote
"Angels in America."
- I know who Tony Kushner is.
- So you've seen his plays?
No, my mom plays Canasta with
him every month he's in town.
Tony Kushner plays Canasta
with your mother?
Badly, but yes.
You have a magical life,
Huntzberger!
And you don't even know it.
So, where to next?
Oh, I don't know.
Mah Jongg with Mamet?
- How's ice-cream sound?
- Ice-cream sounds great.
Then ice-cream it is.
Whoa, Logan!
Where are we going?
- Slow down.
- Slow down and you die, Ace.
Yeah, you go too fast in heels
and you kind of die also.
- What are we doing?
- We're getting ice-cream.
But the dining hall's closed.
We're breaking in.
That's a very negative way
to look at it.
How do you have a key
to the dining hall?
I know a lot
of very powerful locksmiths.
Well, what happens if we get
caught? Could we get suspended?
They can't kick you out
of school for this, can they?
Hey, relax.
Look around.
For tonight this is all yours.
- It is kind of cool.
- Wait till you see the kitchen.
Whoa! Oh, I've never
seen the cereal station
completely full before.
I'm never here early enough!
I knew they had Cocoa Puffs.
- Then go crazy, Ace.
- No, we're getting ice-cream.
There's no rule that says you
can't have ice-cream and cereal.
Go on, get your Cocoa Puffs.
First Cocoa Puffs of the day.
This is a historic moment.
[chuckling]
Okay.
Next stop, ice-cream.
- Mm.
- What are you doing?
I'm looking for
the swipe machine
so I can deduct points
from my meal plan.
You're kidding, right?
Well, the school pays
for the food.
Trust me. With all the money
my family has donated
to this school, they can afford
to be out of a few Cocoa Puffs.
Let's go.
This is fun.
You're an easy girl
to please.
- Let's hit the kitchen.
- Okay.
- Ace, come on.
- I'm coming.
Oh, okay, thanks.
That's enough there.
Just make sure
you get the stairs now.
Oh, no, those go outside.
Anacencia will take care of you.
Oh, what a surprise!
A plate of cookies
on the coffee table
to match the basket of cupcakes
on the reception desk.
What? I always do this.
Oh, you always do this
when a photographer from
American Travel magazine
is coming to
photograph us for..
[speaking in unison]
One of the Top Ten Inns
in Connecticut!
[screaming]
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
You know, I moved
the furniture in the bedrooms
around four times last night.
And you ended up?
With everything
in exactly the same place
I started with.
Oh, the dining room
looks beautiful.
- Thank you.
- And what a surprise!
A cake on every table.
So no one has to share.
Okay, floor looks good,
table looks good.
Hey, what happened to our books?
What do you mean?
All our beautiful,
leather-bound books.
Jonathan Swift, Edith Wharton,
Charles Dickens.
A lot of them are gone.
The guests must
have swiped them.
They swiped Jonathan Swift
and left me with
"Clifford the Big Red Dog"
and five copies of
"He's Just Not That Into You."
We've been airplane booked.
Oh, we've got to
get them out of here.
Hey, Eddie? Will you get
these out of here? Thanks.
I'll raid Rory's
leftovers tonight.
Well, there everybody is.
Who missed Michel?
Huh. Trick question?
How was California?
Ah, you know, it is insanity.
What is different about me?
You're wearing
sunglasses inside?
They're not sunglasses.
They are eyewear.
Everyone in Los Angeles wears
pairs and pairs of eyewear.
Well, you look great.
Oh, I tell you,
I belong out there.
Everybody is thin and gorgeous.
Oh, there's this place
on Sunset Boulevard
a Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf
and everybody there
talks exactly like me.
- Wow.
- 'I got Botox.'
- Ow.
- Dr. Wu, oh, she's a genius.
Everyone goes there. And look.
I got them done by the same guy
who does Nick Lachey.
Okay, gather around.
I brought gifts.
Gifts, great!
Oh, the shopping out there,
unbelievable.
Rodeo Drive, dig a hole
and drop me in
even if I'm not dead yet.
Okay, for you and for you.
Oh!
- Huh?
- It's a smog globe.
[chuckles]
They are so funny in California.
Well, what do you know?
"He's Just Not That Into You."
I heard it's a fabulous book,
and so true.
Oh, I haven't told you
the most amazing part yet.
You got your boobs done
by the same guy
who did Pamela Anderson?
No, though I did meet him
at the Coffee Bean.
I was at this place
called the Farmer's Market
and I was just sitting there,
minding anybody's business
and a man came up to me
and asked if I would like to be
a contestant on
"The Price Is Right."
[gasps]
You're kidding?
'I was so stunned.'
I mean, I never considered
being on a game show
but I was finished with my
Bubble Tea so I figured why not?
They just asked you to be on.
- Yes.
- 'Boy, that's weird.'
Jackson's cousin Monty
did "The Price is Right"
and he told us the contestants
had to get up
at the crack of dawn,
stand in line for hours
'with hundreds of tourists,
and then show how enthusiastic'
'a contestant they would be.'
You know, jumping up and down,
screaming and yelling.
- You don't say?
- Yeah.
And they had to wear
embarrassing t-shirts
that said things like, "Pick Me,
Bob! I neutered my dog!"
'And they spent weeks studying'
'the price of Turtle wax
and Hamburger Helper.'
Okay, fine! I may have
jumped a little
'but I did not wear a t-shirt.'
Michel, what would Nick Lachey's
teeth guy say?
Make fun if you want,
but I walked away the winner
of over $100,000
of cash and prizes.
Then what's with
the cheap gifts?
That's not even that smoggy.
Why do I talk to you? Why?
Alright, I'm gonna run over
to Luke's and grab some dinner
and then I will be back
to finish the setup.
- Got it.
- Mmm.
[sighs]
Well, if you put it in the box
like I told you to, I wouldn't
have had to follow you in.
- Here's your fries.
- Mm, good.
Where's the rest
of your burger?
I ate it.
- I was gone two seconds.
- Ketchup, please?
By the time I get the ketchup,
the fries will be gone.
You're right,
forget the ketchup.
- Slow down!
- I can't slow down.
I only have 15 minutes before
I have to get back to the inn.
You're gonna make yourself sick.
Yes, but my sickness will remind
me of you so it'll be romantic.
- Romantic nausea.
- I get that all the time.
- Hit me with the pie.
- What pie?
- 'The boysenberry pie.'
- We're out of boysenberry pie.
How can you be out
of boysenberry pie?
Because someone ordered
the last piece.
But I specifically asked you
to save me a piece
of boysenberry pie.
- Uh, no, you didn't.
- Uh, yes, I did.
- When?
- 'I left you a message.'
- I never got a message.
- I left it on your cell phone.
Oh, is that what
that annoying beeping sound was?
Yes, it was telling you
that your girlfriend called
and asked you
to save her some pie.
Well, I don't know
how to use the voicemail.
You don't?
'Or anything else
on this stupid thing.'
I know how to make a call
and answer a call.
- And then I'm out.
- Give me that.
You have got to learn
how to use this thing
because it is very powerful
and wonderful
and it will change your life.
What are you doing?
I am putting my number
on speed-dial
so all you have to do
is hit one, see
'cause, like,
"I'm number one" and then..
Oh! I wonder who that could be.
- Hello?
- Give me.
No cell phones in the diner.
- Oh, see, wasn't that fun?
- Totally.
Want me to put it
on vibrate for you?
Fifteen minutes are up.
- Oh, crap, I got to go.
- Take a donut.
- So then Sunday?
- Pick you up at 8.
I'll leave you a message
letting you know
your chances of getting lucky.
Hey, Kirk, how's the ribbon
collecting coming?
Oh, why do you get him started?
I think we're near
the finish line.
- Who's winning?
- Hey, this isn't a contest.
- I just wanna know.
- I don't care who's winning.
Well, then you won't care
if it's me.
Well, of course it's you.
You're the one
that makes the costumes
for the Christmas pageant,
you make the ornaments
for the firelight festival.
You go to the town meetings.
You say hello to people.
You have a daughter
that looks like she belongs
on top of a Christmas tree.
Everybody knows that gets you
tons of points.
There's no way
to compete with that.
- Kirk?
- You're kicking his ass.
- Yes!
- This isn't a contest.
No, not now it isn't.
Kirk, I want a final tally
because the ribbon loser
is buying the ribbon winner
dinner Sunday night.
Loser pays?
When did we agree on that?
Oh, gee, I must have left
that on your voicemail, too.
[sighs]
[cell phone rings]
- Hey, mom.
- Hey.
How would you feel about doing
a little shopping tomorrow?
Hurt, confused, a little dirty.
I need to get a new getting-back
together-with-Luke dress
for my back-together
with-Luke date.
Oh, where do you want to go?
How about the new place
where you got the scarf
with the bows on it?
Oh, yes, cute place.
I want to go to the cute place.
'10 o'clock?'
I'll be the one holding coffee.
So, uh, what are you
doing tonight?
- Mom!
- 'What? Are you driving?'
- Sounds like you're driving.
- I am driving.
- You are? Where you going?
- You know where I'm going, mom.
- Disneyland?
- 'Nope.'
- Puppy world?
- You're so immature.
You're gonna make me say it?
Say what?
I am on my way
to Friday night dinner.
Ah-ha-ha! That's right.
You're on the road to Hellville.
- Do not gloat.
- I'm not gloating.
I'm gloating with hand gestures.
- Bye.
- 'And a little soft shoe.'
- Gotta go.
- Listen.
Enjoy your glazed woodcock
with a side
of truffled goose head.
- Oh, what a shame, I'm here.
- 'You are not.'
- I'll see you tomorrow.
- Oh, Rory, wait.
I-I'm gloating with jazz hands.
Bye, mom.
Finish up, Kirk.
I'm closing up early.
You're going to see
Lorelai tonight, aren't you?
Actually no, she's working. I'm
going to see her Sunday night.
That sounds nice.
You guys probably spend
a lot of time together.
Yes, we do.
And you probably sleep over
at each other's houses too, huh?
Cookies are on the house, Kirk.
Just go, okay?
You know, Lulu's my first
real girlfriend.
I had an imaginary girlfriend
for a while when I was young
but she left me.
Well, that happens.
I wish Lulu and I could have
what you and Lorelai have.
Oh, you can have that, Kirk.
You will have that.
In fact, why don't you leave,
and go have it right now?
You know, I live with my mother.
Apparently, I'm officially
in this conversation.
Don't know how
it happened, but--
My mother is allergic to Lulu.
'The minute Lulu
comes in the room'
'mother will cough
and choke and turn red.'
Her throat closes up,
everything gets puffy.
Lulu's tried everything.
She changed her soap,
her perfume
shampoo, cream rinse, deodorant.
She's actually kind
of a mess right now.
- But nothing seems to work.
- Kirk--
Obviously I can't have
mother choking
three times a week, so
I considered constructing
a separate entrance to my room
so that Lulu won't
actually have
to walk through the house
but that's gonna cost
about $40,000
'cause I'd have to break through
a bearing wall, and--
Kirk, stop.
This is ridiculous.
You're a grown man.
You have got to change
your living situation.
My mother won't move out,
I've asked.
I'm talking about your mother.
- I'm talking about you.
- Me?
Yes, you. Get a life.
Get some independence.
- Get out of there.
- But--
'You wanna have a real
relationship with Lulu?'
- Yes.
- Then grow up, be a man.
I'm not sure I understand
what you're saying to me.
Well, Kirk, I have given you
the Lincoln logs.
You have to build the cabin.
Lock the door behind you.
You're not talking about
a real cabin, are you?
'Cause if a new entrance
is gonna cost 40 grand
then a cabin's gotta be more.
'Goodnight, Kirk.'
[doorbell rings]
Emily! They're here!
Hurry, please!
Oh, my goodness, the bag
is bigger than you are.
I brought you some recent issues
of the Yale Daily News.
We've been doing some really
good articles lately.
And some with a by-line I might
be familiar with, I hope?
I believe that, yes,
you'll find some
highlighted sections
in your hymnals.
Then hand the bag over,
my dear.
Okay.
Sorry to keep everyone waiting.
Uh, luckily we
had plenty to read.
- Hello, Rory.
- Hello, grandma.
Let's go in the living room,
shall we?
Excellent idea.
'Pardon me, Mrs. Gilmore.'
Shall I put the salads
out now, ma'am?
- We haven't had drinks yet.
- Yes, ma'am.
'I wrote it all down'
on the refrigerator pad
for you, Olympia.
Is someone else
coming for dinner?
Someone else? No.
It's just going to be us.
Us, meaning just
the three of us here, right?
I mean, you know
mom's not coming.
Oh. Well, actually--
Of course we knew
your mother's not coming.
The maid made a mistake.
Olympia, it was three
for dinner, not four.
Well, she's fired.
Clear that place
at once, please.
Richard, take Rory
to the living room.
- I'll just do it myself.
- Alright.
Now, I had Olympia write out
the reheating instructions
for the goose, and they work.
I had her test it
during dessert.
Thank you, grandma.
I also put some Perry and David
fruit in there.
Oh, you can eat
the pears with a spoon.
I'll remember that.
Bye, grandpa. Bye, grandma.
Bye. Bye.
Bye, Rory.
Well, that was
a pleasant evening.
Really? What dinner were you at?
Well, we weren't exactly sure
she was coming, Emily.
I was sure.
I don't understand it.
Why wasn't she here?
Well, I'm guessing
she had something to do.
Something to do? What does that
mean, something to do?
It means she had
a previous engagement
or a meeting,
a dinner perhaps.
I know what something to do
means, Richard.
My apologies, Emily.
It doesn't make
any sense at all.
I went down there.
I arranged the whole thing.
She got her filthy diner
owner back.
- What is the problem?
- I don't know.
Lorelai is as much of a mystery
to me as she is to you.
I made a whole goose
for three people. Wasteful.
Do you think it's possible that
they didn't get back together?
- What?
- Perhaps it didn't happen.
Maybe he didn't understand
what you were telling him to do.
How could he not understand?
I spelled it out for him,
step by step.
I spoke clearly and slowly.
There's no way
he didn't understand
what I was telling
him to do.
Alright, then perhaps
he understood
but he simply didn't do it.
He's not the most take-charge
sort of fellow, you know.
He never did follow through
on my advice
to franchise his diner.
Oh, my God, you're right.
He didn't do it.
He didn't go to her
like I specifically told him to.
So it would seem.
What an imbecile that man is!
Well, you gave it
your best effort.
- No one can say you didn't.
- I just don't believe it.
Don't worry, Emily.
I'm sure she'll come
around eventually.
And then at least
we won't have to deal
with them as a couple.
Here, let me freshen up
your drink.
[sighs]
If I still want that sweater
in 20 minutes
I'm coming back to get it.
Okay, wait.
What is wrong with this picture?
- Huh?
- You, look at you.
An armful of bags and
a potential 20-minute sweater
on the way, and look at me,
completely bagless.
Relax, the day is still young.
There are no more clothes
out there for me.
The Lorelai look is over.
I wish someone had told me.
- That would've helped
- Oh, see, that's what I want.
Hey, come on,
let's follow her.
I'm not following that girl.
But she knows
where my stores are
and she looks about my size
so if she happens
to have an aneurysm
between now
and tomorrow night, what?
Oh, my God. Is that Logan?
It is Logan. I can't believe it.
What a jerk.
- Mom, it's okay.
- No, it's not okay.
(Lorelai)
'He's sitting over there
with a girl.'
'Oh, no, you don't.
Get me a rock.'
- Mom.
- I am beaning him with a rock.
- Mom, stop, it's fine.
- How is it fine?
I'm sorry, aren't you
still seeing him?
- Well, yeah.
- Oh, okay.
So if you're still seeing him
and he's over there seeing her
how is that okay?
Because we're keeping
things casual.
Casual?
We see each other
we see other people,
and that's him
over there seeing other people.
- So it's fine.
- Oh.
- We both agreed.
- Okay.
If you both agreed,
then okay.
But aren't you guys
sleeping together?
Mom, it's college.
Oh, right, it's college.
We're both busy.
We have class, we have friends.
You know, it's good to..
...just keep things cas..
have fun, that's it.
Fun? Sure, no, I get it.
Friends with benefits.
No problem.
I watch Oprah.
[sighs]
Okay, so, are you sure
you're cool with this?
I'm completely cool with this.
Okay, 'cause it just really--
Mom, look over there.
I think the Lorelai look
is back, and it's in velvet!
So, Hal, what do you think?
Living room, reception area
might be a nice place to start.
I really need to shoot
the exteriors first.
- We're about to lose the light.
- Oh, great idea.
Well, let me tell you,
we are proud of our exteriors.
Why don't I get Michel
to show you outside
and help you set up?
- Okay.
- 'No-no, this is unacceptable.'
Put your supervisor
on the phone now.
Now. Right now!
Hey, everything okay, Michel?
Yes, everything is fine.
Lots of sunshine.
I'll be right with you.
I insist you do
something about this
before I go out and find a stick
and make it pointy
and come and find your cubicle
and poke you very hard.
Hey, tell you what, why don't
I just show you outside myself?
- Okay.
- 'Sure, I'll hold.'
'Copy.'
That's a look
of great determination.
Yes, I'm determined
to finish this piece
before my caffeine buzz
wears off
and I have
about 30 seconds left.
So?
Did I see you
on State Street with..
- Yeah.
- Right.
So you saw me
on State Street with..
Yep.
- So?
Are we still good?
- Absolutely.
- Really?
Logan, we both agreed,
no strings attached.
- Remember?
- I remember.
I was just checking to see
how well you remember.
I remember perfectly.
Okay, that's good to hear. So?
Oh, we're not gonna do
the "so" thing again, are we?
No, promise, no more so's.
Would you take an "um?"
Depends.
Where's it leading?
Um, are you busy
or do you feel like
grabbing a cup of coffee?
Boy, do you have the master key
to a Starbucks or something?
Na, I just thought
we'd walk in and pay.
Wow. Old school.
Sure, let's go.
Okay, let's go.
Yeah, there.
Right there.
How's it looking, Hal?
I think we're good
with the flowers.
Let's start clearing
everyone out of there.
How's it going?
I think we're getting ready
to shoot.
What are you doing?
Well, just in case
he doesn't have time
to get a shot of the kitchen
people will get to
see the food.
You're insane.
Okay, we're ready.
Well, try something else!
I don't care! Just stop it!
Block it with your body!
Tien an Men Square! Be a hero!
Um, Michel, what's wrong?
I will tell you what's wrong.
Ned, the bellman is wrong.
He's useless.
I gave him
specific instructions
and he ignored them.
What the hell is that?
(Michel)
'No, no, no!
Do not drive that here!'
'It was not supposed to arrive
for two more days.'
(Lorelai)
'Seriously, what is that?'
My over $100,000
in cash and prizes.
That's what you won?
That and many boxes
of some sort
of instant-rice dish
that I have yet to feel
a need to sample.
[coughs]
- Are you Michel Gerard?
- Yes.
Well, Michel Gerard, I'm pleased
to present you
with your motor home.
Step on inside, and I'll
show you how everything works.
I don't want to know
how it works.
- I don't want it here at all.
- Michel..
I don't understand.
After I won this monstrosity
I told them I do not want it.
I wanted the cash
but they said
they would only give me
half of what it was worth.
Yeah, Jackson's cousin
won a washer-dryer
on the $25,000 Pyramid
but he decided
to take half the cash value
because he likes to go to
the Laundromat to pick up women.
Well, I'm not Jackson's cousin.
I have all of my chromosomes.
And I don't want half
of the cash value.
I want the entire $100,000
that was flashing under my face.
Excuse me. Do you want to know
how to use it or not?
'Cause the leveling jacks
can be a little tricky.
No, I do not want
to know how to use it!
Okay, enjoy your day.
Drop dead and we'll discuss it.
They told me I had a week
before they were delivering it.
I put an ad online,
and I was going to sell it.
And then I get a call
it is coming
and it has not been a week.
Oh, wait, sir,
could I, uh, pay you
'to just take this
away for an hour, you know?'
Drive it around,
show it the sights?
Sorry, once we deliver the keys,
it's out of our hands.
- Uh, Lorelai?
- Taking care of it, Hal.
By the time
all this dust clears
I'm afraid, we'll have
lost the light anyway.
No, no, we're not
losing the light.
We'll keep the light
and lose the dust.
Sookie, get the dust busters.
Michel, move this thing.
- Squawk at the roast?
- Michel!
I don't know how it works.
- 'Well, figure it out.'
- You figure it out!
It's like the space shuttle
in here.
- Okay, we're done here.
- What? No!
Look, it's too late.
I can take some interior shots
just for the hell of it.
Oh, sure. Sookie, why don't
you show him the kitchen?
Really? Great.
Follow me.
You know, I can't believe it.
I can't believe
you had your motor home
delivered here,
to the inn, today.
I was supposed
to have a week.
You know, Michel, I know
the world revolves around you
and we all have to understand
that, but this was important.
I didn't think
it was coming today.
You didn't think, period.
You know, I don't always
expect you to be a great help
around here,
but how about not being
a super-colossal hindrance
to us all, okay?
Business or pleasure?
"Social Origins Of Dictatorship
And Democracy.
Lord And Peasant In The Making
Of The Modern World."
- Oh. Pleasure.
- Have you read it?
I'm waiting for the film
to come out.
Yeah, I know, I heard
Renee Zellweger's gaining
a ton of weight
to play the peasant.
Listen, I was wondering
if you're doing anything
tomorrow night.
- Oh. Um, I don't know. Why?
- Well, it's Finn's birthday.
He's having a party. Lots
of booze, no food whatsoever.
Ah, that Finn.
'I was wondering
if you'd like to go.'
- With you?
- Well, that was the plan, yes.
Oh. Well, um, sure.
- Yes?
- 'Yes, I'd love to.'
Um, let's celebrate
another year of Finn.
Excellent.
Now, it's themed.
Anything Quentin Tarantino
is acceptable
and I'll pick you up
at your room around 9.
- Sounds good.
- Does it?
Well, how about that?
Hmm.
Hey, Sookie,
have you seen Michel?
He was arranging a car
to take the Martins to Foxwoods.
I think he's showing some
people the motor home.
- Now?
- He asked me if it was okay.
I told him it was okay.
Is it okay?
Yeah, it's okay,
but why didn't he just ask me?
I think he's a little
afraid of you.
Afraid of me? Of kitten?
Was I really that mean?
- 'You were upset.'
- I was mean.
You know Michel.
He likes to dish it out.
But he's extremely sensitive
when you give it back.
- Yeah, I guess.
- You can't even tease him.
He never wore those
red cowboy boots again.
- Ugh, I remember.
- I'm sure he'll get over it.
- You know Michel.
- Yeah.
Hey, could you ask Eddie
to get the Martins a car?
You got it.
What's the gas mileage like?
- Hmm?
- The gas mileage?
It's 5,000 pounds
of metal on wheels.
I'm sure the mileage
is fabulous.
- Would you take 20 for it?
- Twenty?
But it's brand-new and..
Oh, whatever.
Twenty, sure.
You got a check?
Oh, whoa, whoa.
Hi.
What Michel means to say
is that he would happily
entertain all offers
for this top-of-the-line
streamlined,
beautiful motor home.
I mean, look at it.
I just may buy it myself.
- What are you talking about?
- Offer thirty.
Hey, has everyone
seen inside this baby?
'Cause if you haven't,
you need to, seriously.
And-and-and while
you're taking a look
please note the plush,
soil and stain resistant
wall-to-wall wallpaper
that acts as the beautiful
maple-ish paneling. Huh? Yeah.
Twenty grand? You're just
giving this thing away.
That's what
I was told to do.
I didn't know
about the maple-ish paneling.
Michel, you can't sell this
thing for $20,000.
What are you thinking?
Apparently I'm not.
Apparently I never think.
- Okay, okay, I'm sorry.
- Whatever.
Michel, I was just tense
about the photo shoot
and I said things
I shouldn't have said.
You know I didn't
mean them, right?
- I do not know that at all.
- I think you do.
I think you know this inn
could not run without you.
And I think
you know I know
this inn could not
run without you.
What about your photo shoot?
I ruined it for you, no?
We rescheduled the photo shoot.
Everything's fine.
I could have told
you they'd reschedule.
Everything with you
is so dramatic.
So, what are we gonna
do here?
Oh, well, I just want
the thing gone.
Michel, you had $100,000
flash under your face
and the entire world saw it.
Now, come on,
go get your money.
Seriously, Michel, the rube
with the crossed eyes
and the bolo tie,
I say that's your man.
He does look stupid,
doesn't he?
Yeah, and familiar
with the, uh, ways
of hooking up things
to local sewer lines.
- Huh? Go get 'em.
- Yes, I'll zero in on him.
Worse comes to worst, the woman
with the elastic-waist jeans
- should be a nice backup.
- Attaboy.
You know, If I hold out, maybe
I can get $120,000 instead--
- Just sell the thing!
- Right.
[phone ringing]
- Well?
- 'It's too sparkly.'
It's not too sparkly.
- I look like a chandelier.
- What shoes are you wearing?
- The pink pumps.
- 'I like those.'
Are they a little too
"Come and get it?"
Don't you want him
to come and get it?
Uh, yes, but I want it to be
his idea to come and get it.
It's not the same if the shoes
tell him to "Come and get it."
I really, really wanna stop
saying "Come and get it."
- Fine.
- 'I have to get ready.'
Going out?
As a matter of fact,
I have a date tonight.
- 'Logan?'
- No, Robert.
- Who's Robert?
- 'He's a friend.'
Have I met this R-Robert?
- No, you haven't met Robert.
- What's his last name?
Why? Do you think
I'm making him up?
I just wondered if I ever
heard you mention him before.
Um, he's just a guy
I know at Yale
and there's a party tonight
for another guy I know at Yale
and Robert Grimaldi
'asked me to go,
so I am going to go.'
So, does this mean
it's over with Logan?
Nope, it just means that tonight
I'm going out with Robert.
And you like
this Robert, right?
'Right.'
You know, the party's
a Quentin Tarantino
themed party, and you
have to wear a costume
so I'm going as Gogo.
- 'Cause you have the skirt.
- And no other ideas.
Cluelessness is the mother
of invention. Call me after.
- I will do that.
- Oh! This dress is too slutty.
'The dress is fine.
The person in it, however--'
Ah, you're breaking up.
The-the-the house
is going through a tunnel.
You're breaking up, I..
[imitates static]
Oh, I was gonna--
- I just heard the car, so I--
- No, but I-I always--
- I know. Yeah, I should've--
- No, I should have--
No.
- Okay, this is stupid.
- Yes, it is. Ahem.
It's not like we've never
done this before.
- We have.
- And successfully.
- I made it to the door.
- I made it to the car.
[sighing]
- Hey.
So, I thought we'd
go to Marino's.
- You like Marino's, right?
- Mm-hmm.
- What is this?
- What?
- Reggae Fever?
- So?
W-when did you buy this?
Where did you buy this?
Why did you buy this?
I was at the gas station
last week.
It was at the register.
What's the big deal?
The big deal is
it's Reggae Fever.
I know.
When you look in the mirror,
do you see Reggae Fever?
It was cheap.
"Ja Glory"
by Toots Bambada.
"Lively Up Yourself"
by The Family Zigzag.
"Let Your Ya Be Ya"
by Ranking Roy.
What else am I gonna
find in here?
Ganja and a yellow, green
and red knit cap?
I bought a CD. I didn't adopt
the entire Rastafarian culture.
This is so weird.
I mean, to think there was
this whole chunk of time
when we weren't together.
We were living
totally separate lives.
I was just
working like crazy
and you were running around
and buying reggae CDs.
One CD. One.
I just hate
that we were apart.
Yeah, wasn't too fond
of it myself.
Well, all I can say is
you're lucky
I'm back in your life
because clearly
you were lost without me.
'And it's a miracle
you're even still alive.'
Right?
You bet.
[engine revving]
♪ Jokers to the right ♪
♪ Here I am stuck
in the middle with you ♪♪
Not a moment too soon.
Oh, no, thanks.
I think I'm gonna try to get
through the doorway first.
Huh, novel approach.
You're gonna be
an interesting date.
Robert, what are you?
- Dead extra number two.
- Brilliant, my friend.
Happy birthday, Finn.
You owe me $40.
Well, maybe for my birthday
you'll forgive me that.
Does your father have any idea
what a toll his cross-dressing
took on your psyche?
- That was your father, Finn.
- Ah, you're right.
My god, that explains a lot.
Do I know you?
- 'Rory Gilmore, Finn.'
- 'Pleasure to meet you.'
Alright, children,
drink and be merry
for tomorrow we will all be
in a great deal of pain.
Thank you, darling.
Your name and your phone number
would also be appreciated.
- Finn's quite an original.
- Yes, he is.
Have I told you
I like your costume?
- 'No, you didn't.'
- 'Alright.'
Did that count, or are you
expecting me to say it again?
I think we're good.
Let's get a drink.
Oh, hey, Colin,
where's your date?
I went to pick her up,
the door opens
and she's dressed
like Mira Sorvino.
How do you dress
like Mira Sorvino?
You have blond hair and a name
tag that says Mira Sorvino.
- I just turned around and left.
- Well, well, well.
The gang's all here.
- Robert, good to see you.
- Hello, Logan.
- Rory, I like the costume.
- I like yours too.
This is Whitney.
Whitney, Robert, Rory.
- You know Colin.
- Hi.
Whitney, is your friend
Josie here?
Yeah, she's over there
with the guy dressed
'like Harvey Weinstein.'
- 'Perfect. I'll see you later.'
- Leave her alone, Colin.
Yes, yes, of course.
- So, good party, huh?
- Seems like it.
- Music's cool.
- Very cool.
Well, we're heading to the bar.
Can we get you two anything?
No, we're just gonna
take a look around.
- Okay, we'll catch you later.
- Sounds good.
- Hey, Robert?
- Yes?
What's your last name?
- My God, turn that off.
- Getting to you, huh?
They keep playing that same
song over and over and over.
I've got news for you.
That was not the same song.
Oh, my God, you're kidding.
- What was that?
- I don't know.
Sounds like it came
from the garage.
There's someone
in my garage?
Weird time for gardening,
isn't it?
Could be, like, a raccoon.
Oh, hey, don't shovel
the raccoon!
Just stay back, will ya?
No, Luke, you can't hurt
a raccoon. They're cute.
They have face masks
like little furry burglars.
And sharp teeth that chew
through your wiring and rabies.
I'm not gonna hit it.
I'm gonna scare it.
Hey, why don't you play it
your Reggae Fever?
[creaking]
[snoring]
- Do you see it?
- Shh!
- It's one hell of a raccoon.
- Shovel up.
Shovel up!
'I probably should be more
surprised than I am, right?'
Kirk! Wake up.
- And he's naked.
- Oh, Kirk! Geez!
- Where am I?
- You're in my house, Kirk.
- 'You're in my boat, Kirk.'
- I'm exposed.
- We know, Kirk.
- Yeah.
Let's do something
about that, huh, Kirk?
I'm good now.
Kirk, whatcha doin' here?
- I left mother's.
- No, did you have a fight?
Did she take away
your Beach Boys album again?
No, I just got so excited
about the thought of a new life.
You know, of striking out
on my own and being my own man.
Right, Luke?
- Right, Luke?
- 'So I did it.'
I packed my clothes,
and I gave my mother my key
and I said goodbye,
and I left.
Oh, Kirk, that's a big deal,
you leaving like that.
I know it is,
but Luke explained to me
'that if I really want to move
to the next level with Lulu'
and have a real
grown-up relationship
with sleepovers and everything,
then I had to get out.
I don't think that's
exactly what I said.
Oh, yes, it was,
and I felt really good about it
until I realized
that I had no place to go.
I probably should have found
an apartment first.
- Probably.
- You can stay in Rory's room.
- Really?
Just for tonight. We'll
find you someplace tomorrow.
Okay.
You know, I think
you've got a raccoon in here.
Just go on in the house, Kirk.
What were you thinking?
Kirk was at the diner
talking about how he wished
how he and Lulu had what
we have, and I just mentioned--
Are you insane? Everybody
knows you can't mention
anything to Kirk.
I was cornered. I was tired.
I wanted to go to sleep.
Well, now we have to go
in there and take care of him.
He is now
our responsibility.
Uh-uh! Pottery Barn, baby.
You break it, you buy it.
Ah, geez.
[sighing]
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ♪
My entire goal in life
is to outlive my brother
inherit the family fortune
put all my sisters
out on the street
and live as frivolously
as possible
have numerous wives, thousands
of illegitimate children
and die completely alone
and leave every cent
to a parrot named Polly.
That's your entire
goal in life?
Except for the name
of the parrot
I stick to everything
I just said.
You're a fascinating
specimen, Robert.
- Well, Josie's a lesbian.
- You struck out, Colin?
Whatever.
Is Lydia here?
Yes. She's here
with Patrick, her fiance.
God, I hate these stupid,
incestuous parties.
It's the same people
over and over.
Who's as drunk as I am?
No one since
Spencer Tracy died.
Finn, are there any
interesting women here at all?
Have you tried Josie?
- I'm getting a drink.
- Alrighty.
I have to go make the rounds.
- Have I met you yet?
- Several times.
Alright, then.
- So, how about that drink?
- Nothing too strong.
See what I can do.
- Ace, having a good time?
- I am, thanks.
Good. That's good.
Me too.
I'm having
a good time, too.
- Good.
- Yes, it is good.
So, I didn't know
you knew Robert.
I met him at the Life and
Death Brigade gathering.
- And the poker game.
- Oh, right, right.
Well, he must have
made quite an impression.
- He just asked me out, is all.
- Sure.
- He's kind of a jerk.
- Excuse me?
Robert.
He's kind of a jerk.
Have you noticed
he's kind of a jerk?
Nope.
Huh.
Night's young.
Okay, come on.
Where are we going?
Logan?
- You look great.
- Thank you.
Logan, stop.
- Right. So, how you been?
- I've been fine.
- Good. School's good?
- School's hard.
Well, it's supposed
to be hard.
It's grooming you for life.
Making you
an upstanding citizen.
- God-fearing Christian.
- Habitual recycler.
We can't do this
here, Logan.
- You're right. Let's go.
- Go where?
Your place, my place.
Let's take a train to New York.
- Spend the night in the Plaza.
- We can't just leave.
We have dates.
- I don't like this.
- Like what?
- You here with Robert.
- You're here with Whitney.
- I know.
- So, what's the problem?
The problem is you're here with
Robert, and it's bothering me
and I don't like that
it's bothering me.
Sorry. Do you want
us to leave?
No, I want us to leave.
You and me.
I can't do that.
Oh, you want to spend
rest of the night
with Robert instead of me?
- I came here with Robert.
- So dump Robert.
- I hate Robert.
- He's your friend.
So what?
I still hate him.
Logan, you're the one
who said--
- I know what I said.
- Okay, then, I have to go.
I have a date.
Enjoy the rest of the party.
♪ Pierre was wedded
to the lovely mademoiselle ♪
♪ C'est la vie
say the old folks ♪
♪ It goes to show
you never can tell ♪
There's nothing in here
but ice-cream
candy bars, cookie dough,
canned frosting.
Why are you not 450 pounds?
I know. Scientists call
it the Lorelai Paradox.
- Who are you calling?
- No one.
Just seeing if Rory
left a message.
Who's washing those?
Why? Was she supposed
to leave a message?
No, I was just hoping.
We out of plastic?
Why were you hoping?
Everything okay with her?
Yeah, she just
had a date tonight.
- Get four. Those tend to break.
- Okay
Uh, she out
with that Logan kid?
- No, Robert.
- Who's Robert?
I know nothing about him except
his last name is Grimaldi.
When did she
break up with Logan?
- 'She didn't.'
- I don't understand.
- It's college.
- 'What does that mean?'
It means, butt out, back off,
none of your business.
Rory suddenly decided
she's dating girl.
Well, that's okay, right?
Isn't that what kids
are supposed to do?
It's just, it's not Rory.
I-I don't think it's what
is gonna make her happy.
It seems wrong for her.
- You say something to her?
- No.
I mean, she's been
so chatty lately
wanting to be able to talk
about Logan and her life
so now I just don't know
what to do.
- You talk back.
- I am.
But I feel like I need
to be careful what I say.
Oh, come on,
that's ridiculous.
Well, she's not
at home anymore.
- She's on her own.
- Doesn't matter.
Matters a little.
You know, there have been very
few times in our relationship
when I ever
played the "mom card"
but I always had it there
in my back pocket.
And when I used it,
she had to hear
and take it
'cause she lived here.
And even if she didn't like it
or even if she got mad
the worst that would happen
is she would run into her room
and slam the door
and blast the Jam.
But then in the morning,
I controlled the bathroom
and the, and the pop-tarts,
and she had to deal with me.
Eventually, we'd make up,
and it was over.
- But now--
- Nothing's different.
Of course it's different.
She's on her own.
She's making
her own decisions.
My mom card's
looking a little flimsier
and I don't know how much
to say to her.
If she doesn't want
to hear it
she doesn't
have to take it.
She doesn't have to call
or come home.
She'll call.
She'll come home.
Yeah, I hope so.
I don't know.
[door opens]
- Did we lock the front door?
- I'll be right back.
'Kirk! Get back here, Kirk.'
What on earth
is wrong with you
besides the obvious
lack of fashion sense?
I told you to get back
together with Lorelai.
I told you exactly what to do
and exactly what to say.
What do you need?
A cheat sheet?
Emily--
'Some flash cards,
some Sesame Street characters'
to sing a song about it?
Look!
Do you think it was easy
for me to come to you like that?
Do you think I enjoyed it?
Like I was just sitting
around my house thinking
hmm, what shall I do tonight?
I know, I can drive
to Stars Hollow
and humiliate myself
at the local greasy spoon!
Okay, I'm in the middle of--
I don't care what
you're in the middle of!
My family is being torn apart
because for some reason
you are incapable of taking
simple instructions
and putting your relationship
back together!
[cell phone rings]
Hello?
'Just because you run a diner
and have mastered the art'
'of the blank stare doesn't mean
it's going to work with me!'
Oh.
'And Richard went through
a great deal of trouble'
'to set the whole thing up'
'and you never even
called Herb Smith.'
'Apparently, you can't follow
through with anything.'
'Not even a razor!'
Mom, what are
you doing here?
I'm having what I'm sure
will turn out
to be yet another fruitless
conversation with this man.
I'm sorry.
I'm really, really sorry.
- It's okay.
- Mom, go home.
You have no right to barge
in here and cause a scene.
I have something
I want to say.
No. We don't wanna hear
what you have to say.
We just want you to please
butt out of our lives.
Our lives?
So, there's an our lives?
- Are you two back together?
- Yes, we are.
So, you did go to her,
just like I told you to.
We got back together because
we wanted to get back together.
Then I simply
don't understand.
If you're together,
then what's the problem?
What are you talking about?
Why won't you come
to Friday dinner?
Whatever happened between
the two of you
I obviously fixed it--
You fixed it?
You broke it.
Just because Luke and I
found a way to repair the damage
doesn't erase the fact
that it happened.
What I did,
I did out of concern.
Oh, please!
As your mother, I have
the right to be concerned.
Especially when it looks
like you're taking your life
down a completely disastrous
path, I had to jump in and--
- Mom!
- Lorelai!
Please, hear me, if I want
your input in my life
in any way, shape or form,
I will ask for it.
Until then, do us all
a favor and shut up!
Well, I gotta say, suddenly
a big fan of speed-dial.
[cell phone ringing]
- Hey, kid, what's going on?
- I just got a call from Kirk.
He wanted to know if he could
crash at my dorm.
- Oh, boy.
- 'How did he get my number?'
Oh, he probably got it
off the fridge.
Okay, and what was Kirk
doing near our fridge?
- It's a long story.
- Okay, well, tell me later.
I wanna hear how
the back-together date went.
- It was very successful.
- 'Did he like the dress?'
- The dress was a hit.
- I told you.
And, um, how was your,
uh, date with Robert?
Completely insane. You won't
believe the evening I had.
'Oh, tell me.'
So, Robert and I get to
the party and Logan was there.
At first, everything
was completely cas
and then as the evening went on,
he got more and more jealous.
- Huh, really?
- 'Oh, yeah.'
'He wanted me to leave
with him, blow off Robert.'
- And did you?
- No, of course not.
I told him that
I came with Robert
and I was leaving with Robert
and then I walked away.
- And it was great.
- Sounds great.
'And since then, by the way,
Logan has called twice today.'
We're going out tonight
and we've already made
plans for this week.
- Complete and total turnaround.
- Wow, well..
It sounds like all the balls
are in your court or..
- Well, you know what I mean.
- 'You okay? You sound down.'
No, no, no, I'm fine. So, what
are you gonna wear tonight?
I thought I'd go
with the 20-minute sweater.
- Oh, cute, cute.
- The answer is no.
Look, Jerry, I sold
you the motor home.
It is now yours.
I'm a very busy man.
I do not have time for this.
Alright, for $20, I will
measure the shower for you.
No, that is on top of the 40
for the cupboard space
and the pullout table.
Well, I'm sorry if you're
feeling ripped off.
I can call elastic-pants lady
and see if she'd like
to take the motor home
off your hands.
I thought so.
Hold on.
[mumbling]
♪ La la la ♪
[theme music]